removing old deprecations and Optimise module (#2412)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/training/optimisers.md

## Optimisers Reference

All optimisers return an object that, when passed to `train!`, will update the parameters passed to it.

```@docs
Optimisers.Descent
Optimisers.Momentum
Optimisers.Nesterov
Optimisers.RMSProp
Optimisers.Adam
Optimisers.RAdam
Optimisers.AdaMax
Optimisers.AdaGrad
Optimisers.AdaDelta
Optimisers.AMSGrad
Optimisers.NAdam
Optimisers.AdamW
Optimisers.OAdam
Optimisers.AdaBelief
```

## Composing Optimisers

Flux (through Optimisers.jl) defines a special kind of optimiser called `OptimiserChain` which takes in arbitrary optimisers as input. Its behaviour is similar to the usual optimisers, but differs in that it acts by calling the optimisers listed in it sequentially. Each optimiser produces a modified gradient
that will be fed into the next, and the resultant update will be applied to the parameter as usual. A classic use case is where adding decays is desirable. Optimisers.jl defines the basic decay corresponding to an $L_2$ regularization in the loss as `WeighDecay`.

```julia
opt = OptimiserChain(WeightDecay(1e-4), Descent())
```

Here we apply the weight decay to the `Descent` optimiser. 

> The resultin optimser `opt` can be used as any optimiser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting optimiser `opt` can be used as any optimiser.
```
Typos
